gh-142555: Fix null pointer dereference in array.__setitem__ via re-entrant __index__ (#142713)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-12-15-02-02-45.gh-issue-142555.EC9QN_.rst

Fix null pointer dereference in :class:`array.array.__setitem__` via

> an user-defined ``__index__`` method which modify the array during index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix null pointer dereference in :class:`!array.array.__setitem__` via
a user-defined ``__index__`` method which modifies the array during index
```
